docs/plugins/ingame_manual.md, before:


# 📖 stewbeet.plugins.ingame_manual

📄 **Source Code**: [stewbeet/plugins/ingame_manual/__init__.py](../../python_package/stewbeet/plugins/ingame_manual/__init__.py) 🔗<br>
📄 **Source Code**: [stewbeet/plugins/ingame_manual/shared_import.py](../../python_package/stewbeet/plugins/ingame_manual/shared_import.py) 🔗<br>
📄 **Source Code**: [stewbeet/plugins/ingame_manual/main.py](../../python_package/stewbeet/plugins/ingame_manual/main.py) 🔗<br>
📄 **Source Code**: [stewbeet/plugins/ingame_manual/book_components.py](../../python_package/stewbeet/plugins/ingame_manual/book_components.py) 🔗<br>
📄 **Source Code**: [stewbeet/plugins/ingame_manual/book_optimizer.py](../../python_package/stewbeet/plugins/ingame_manual/book_optimizer.py) 🔗<br>
📄 **Source Code**: [stewbeet/plugins/ingame_manual/craft_content.py](../../python_package/stewbeet/plugins/ingame_manual/craft_content.py) 🔗<br>
📄 **Source Code**: [stewbeet/plugins/ingame_manual/image_utils.py](../../python_package/stewbeet/plugins/ingame_manual/image_utils.py) 🔗<br>
📄 **Source Code**: [stewbeet/plugins/ingame_manual/iso_renders.py](../../python_package/stewbeet/plugins/ingame_manual/iso_renders.py) 🔗<br>
📄 **Source Code**: [stewbeet/plugins/ingame_manual/other_utils.py](../../python_package/stewbeet/plugins/ingame_manual/other_utils.py) 🔗<br>
📄 **Source Code**: [stewbeet/plugins/ingame_manual/page_font.py](../../python_package/stewbeet/plugins/ingame_manual/page_font.py) 🔗<br>

## 🔗 Dependencies
- **✅ Required**: StewBeet framework initialization
- **✅ Required**: `Your definition plugin` (see [`definitions_setup.md`](../definitions_setup.md) for details)
- **📍 Position**: Should be placed after definition setup and before finalization plugins<br>
(see [`extensive/beet.yml`](../../templates/extensive/beet.yml) for an example)

## 📋 Overview
The `ingame_manual` plugin generates an interactive in-game manual/guide book for Minecraft datapacks.<br>
It creates a comprehensive documentation system with item information, crafting recipes, and navigation.<br>
The manual features clickable pages, hover effects, and high-resolution item displays.<br>
**(This plugin requires the `initialize` plugin and item definitions in memory to function properly.)**

### <u>Some Features Showcase</u>

**In-game Manual Example:**<br>
<img src="https://i.imgur.com/dtuAG99.gif" style="width: min(480px, 100%)">

## 🎯 Purpose
- 📖 Creates interactive in-game manual with item documentation
- 🍳 Displays crafting recipes with visual representations
- 🖼️ Generates high-resolution item renders and textures
- 🏷️ Organizes items by categories with navigation
- 🎨 Provides customizable manual assets and fonts
- 🔗 Links related items with clickable page navigation

## ⚙️ Configuration

### 🎯 Basic Example Configuration
```yaml
pipeline:
  - ...
  - src.setup_definitions  # Load item definitions into memory
  - ...
  - stewbeet.plugins.ingame_manual  # Might take a while the first time
  - ...

meta:
  stewbeet:
    # Directory containing all project textures
    textures_folder: "assets/textures"

    # Configuration for in-game manual
    manual:
      debug_mode: false
      manual_overrides: "assets/manual_overrides"
      high_resolution: true
      cache_path: "manual_cache"
      cache_assets: true
      cache_pages: false
      json_dump_path: "manual_cache/content.json"
      name: "" # Defaults to "{project_name} Manual"
      max_items_per_row: 5
      max_rows_per_page: 5
      first_page_text: [{"text":"Modify in beet.yml the text that will be shown in this first manual page", "color":"#505050"}]
```

### 📋 Configuration Options

| Option | Type | Default | Description |
|--------|------|---------|-------------|
| `debug_mode` | boolean | `false` | Enables grid display in the manual for debugging |
| `manual_overrides` | string | `"assets/manual_overrides"` | Path to directory containing custom manual assets that override defaults |
| `high_resolution` | boolean | `true` | Enables high-resolution crafting displays in the manual |
| `cache_path` | string | **Required** | Directory for storing cached manual assets |
| `cache_assets` | boolean | `true` | Enables caching of Minecraft assets and item renders |
| `cache_pages` | boolean | `false` | Enables caching of manual content and images |
| `json_dump_path` | string | **Required** | Path for manual debug dump |
| `name` | string | `""` | Manual title used in book and first page. Defaults to "{name} Manual" |
| `max_items_per_row` | integer | `5` | Maximum number of items displayed per row in manual (max: 6) |
| `max_rows_per_page` | integer | `5` | Maximum number of rows displayed per page in manual (max: 6) |
| `first_page_text` | TextComponent | `[{"text":"Modify in beet.yml...","color":"#505050"}]` | Text component used for the manual's first page |

## ✨ Features

### 📖 Manual Generation
- 📚 **Written Book Creation** - Generates complete written book with navigation
- 🏷️ **Category Organization** - Groups items by category with dedicated pages
- 🔄 **Page Management** - Handles page numbering and cross-references
- 📝 **Content Optimization** - Optimizes book content for performance

### 🎨 Visual Components
- 🖼️ **High-Resolution Displays** - Advanced item rendering system
- 🎯 **Custom Fonts** - Specialized font system for manual elements
- 🖌️ **Image Processing** - Texture generation and manipulation
- 🎨 **Asset Management** - Custom manual assets and overrides

### 🍳 Recipe Integration
- 📐 **Shaped Crafting** - Visual representation of shaped recipes
- 🔲 **Shapeless Crafting** - Organized display of shapeless recipes
- 🔥 **Furnace Recipes** - Smelting and cooking recipe displays
- ⚡ **Special Recipes** - Support for custom recipe types

### 🔗 Interactive Features
- 🖱️ **Clickable Navigation** - Page linking and category browsing
- 💬 **Hover Effects** - Item information on hover
- 📄 **Wiki Integration** - Item wiki components and descriptions
- 🔍 **Smart Filtering** - Recipe type filtering and organization

Commit message:

feat(ingame_manual): ✨ New option to generate showcase images

docs/plugins/ingame_manual.md, after:


# 📖 stewbeet.plugins.ingame_manual

📄 **Source Code**: [stewbeet/plugins/ingame_manual/__init__.py](../../python_package/stewbeet/plugins/ingame_manual/__init__.py) 🔗<br>
📄 **Source Code**: [stewbeet/plugins/ingame_manual/shared_import.py](../../python_package/stewbeet/plugins/ingame_manual/shared_import.py) 🔗<br>
📄 **Source Code**: [stewbeet/plugins/ingame_manual/main.py](../../python_package/stewbeet/plugins/ingame_manual/main.py) 🔗<br>
📄 **Source Code**: [stewbeet/plugins/ingame_manual/book_components.py](../../python_package/stewbeet/plugins/ingame_manual/book_components.py) 🔗<br>
📄 **Source Code**: [stewbeet/plugins/ingame_manual/book_optimizer.py](../../python_package/stewbeet/plugins/ingame_manual/book_optimizer.py) 🔗<br>
📄 **Source Code**: [stewbeet/plugins/ingame_manual/craft_content.py](../../python_package/stewbeet/plugins/ingame_manual/craft_content.py) 🔗<br>
📄 **Source Code**: [stewbeet/plugins/ingame_manual/image_utils.py](../../python_package/stewbeet/plugins/ingame_manual/image_utils.py) 🔗<br>
📄 **Source Code**: [stewbeet/plugins/ingame_manual/iso_renders.py](../../python_package/stewbeet/plugins/ingame_manual/iso_renders.py) 🔗<br>
📄 **Source Code**: [stewbeet/plugins/ingame_manual/other_utils.py](../../python_package/stewbeet/plugins/ingame_manual/other_utils.py) 🔗<br>
📄 **Source Code**: [stewbeet/plugins/ingame_manual/page_font.py](../../python_package/stewbeet/plugins/ingame_manual/page_font.py) 🔗<br>

## 🔗 Dependencies
- **✅ Required**: StewBeet framework initialization
- **✅ Required**: `Your definition plugin` (see [`definitions_setup.md`](../definitions_setup.md) for details)
- **📍 Position**: Should be placed after definition setup and before finalization plugins<br>
(see [`extensive/beet.yml`](../../templates/extensive/beet.yml) for an example)

## 📋 Overview
The `ingame_manual` plugin generates an interactive in-game manual/guide book for Minecraft datapacks.<br>
It creates a comprehensive documentation system with item information, crafting recipes, and navigation.<br>
The manual features clickable pages, hover effects, and high-resolution item displays.<br>
**(This plugin requires the `initialize` plugin and item definitions in memory to function properly.)**

### <u>Some Features Showcase</u>

**In-game Manual Example:**<br>
<img src="https://i.imgur.com/dtuAG99.gif" style="width: min(480px, 100%)">

## 🎯 Purpose
- 📖 Creates interactive in-game manual with item documentation
- 🍳 Displays crafting recipes with visual representations
- 🖼️ Generates high-resolution item renders and textures
- 🏷️ Organizes items by categories with navigation
- 🎨 Provides customizable manual assets and fonts
- 🔗 Links related items with clickable page navigation

## ⚙️ Configuration

### 🎯 Basic Example Configuration
```yaml
pipeline:
  - ...
  - src.setup_definitions  # Load item definitions into memory
  - ...
  - stewbeet.plugins.ingame_manual  # Might take a while the first time
  - ...

meta:
  stewbeet:
    # Directory containing all project textures
    textures_folder: "assets/textures"

    # Configuration for in-game manual
    manual:
      debug_mode: false
      manual_overrides: "assets/manual_overrides"
      high_resolution: true
      cache_path: "manual_cache"
      cache_assets: true
      cache_pages: false
      json_dump_path: "manual_cache/content.json"
      name: "" # Defaults to "{project_name} Manual"
      max_items_per_row: 5
      max_rows_per_page: 5
      first_page_text: [{"text":"Modify in beet.yml the text that will be shown in this first manual page", "color":"#505050"}]
      showcase_image: 3 # 1 = will generate an image showcasing all the items in the manual, 2 = all items even not in the manual, 3 = both
```

### 📋 Configuration Options

| Option | Type | Default | Description |
|--------|------|---------|-------------|
| `debug_mode` | boolean | `false` | Enables grid display in the manual for debugging |
| `manual_overrides` | string | `"assets/manual_overrides"` | Path to directory containing custom manual assets that override defaults |
| `high_resolution` | boolean | `true` | Enables high-resolution crafting displays in the manual |
| `cache_path` | string | **Required** | Directory for storing cached manual assets |
| `cache_assets` | boolean | `true` | Enables caching of Minecraft assets and item renders |
| `cache_pages` | boolean | `false` | Enables caching of manual content and images |
| `json_dump_path` | string | **Required** | Path for manual debug dump |
| `name` | string | `""` | Manual title used in book and first page. Defaults to "{name} Manual" |
| `max_items_per_row` | integer | `5` | Maximum number of items displayed per row in manual (max: 6) |
| `max_rows_per_page` | integer | `5` | Maximum number of rows displayed per page in manual (max: 6) |
| `first_page_text` | TextComponent | `[{"text":"Modify in beet.yml...","color":"#505050"}]` | Text component used for the manual's first page |
| `showcase_image` | integer | `3` | Controls generation of showcase images: 0=disabled, 1=manual items only, 2=all project items, 3=both |


## ✨ Features

### 📖 Manual Generation
- 📚 **Written Book Creation** - Generates complete written book with navigation
- 🏷️ **Category Organization** - Groups items by category with dedicated pages
- 🔄 **Page Management** - Handles page numbering and cross-references
- 📝 **Content Optimization** - Optimizes book content for performance

### 🎨 Visual Components
- 🖼️ **High-Resolution Displays** - Advanced item rendering system
- 🎯 **Custom Fonts** - Specialized font system for manual elements
- 🖌️ **Image Processing** - Texture generation and manipulation
- 🎨 **Asset Management** - Custom manual assets and overrides

### 🍳 Recipe Integration
- 📐 **Shaped Crafting** - Visual representation of shaped recipes
- 🔲 **Shapeless Crafting** - Organized display of shapeless recipes
- 🔥 **Furnace Recipes** - Smelting and cooking recipe displays
- ⚡ **Special Recipes** - Support for custom recipe types

### 🔗 Interactive Features
- 🖱️ **Clickable Navigation** - Page linking and category browsing
- 💬 **Hover Effects** - Item information on hover
- 📄 **Wiki Integration** - Item wiki components and descriptions
- 🔍 **Smart Filtering** - Recipe type filtering and organization
